feat(broker): update docs in backups/GCS regarding initialization and added update guide from 8.6 to 8.7 (#4412)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/operational-guides/backup-restore/zeebe-backup-and-restore.md

```

The bucket specified with `bucketName` **must already exist**, Zeebe will not try to create one for you.

> To prevent misconfiguration, Zeebe will check at startup that the specified bucket exists and can be accessed, but
> it will not prevent Zeebe to start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent misconfiguration, Zeebe will check at startup that the specified bucket exists and can be accessed, and log at WARN level if the bucket does not exist. 
```
